Add empty spec troubleshooting (#1182)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/user/troubleshooting-guides/03-70-empty-apirule-spec.md

> # APIRule Contains an Empty Spec

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# APIRule Contains an Empty **spec**
```

## Symptoms

> - There is an empty spec in an `APIRule`, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is an empty **spec** in an APIRule custom resource (CR), for example:
```

  ```yaml
  apiVersion: gateway.kyma-project.io/v2alpha1
  kind: APIRule
  metadata:
    name: httpbin
    namespace: test
  spec: {}
  status:
    lastProcessedTime: "2024-07-22T07:06:59Z"
    state: Ready
  ```

## Cause

> The conversion from the `APIRule` version `v1beta1` to `v2alpha1` is not possible. It's only possible to convert `noAuth` and `jwt` handler from `v1beta1` to `v2alpha1`. Beware that `jwt` handler with more than one `trusted_issuers` or `jwks_urls` can also not be converted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The conversion from the APIRule CR in version `v1beta1` to version `v2alpha1` is not possible. It's only possible to convert the `noAuth` and `jwt` handlers from `v1beta1` to `v2alpha1`. Beware that the `jwt` handler with more than one `trusted_issuers` or `jwks_urls` also cannot be converted.
```

> The conversion between the `APIRule` CRD versions is not possible. It's only possible to convert `jwt` handler from `v1beta1` to `v2alpha1`, for more information see the [documentation](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/blob/main/docs/user/custom-resources/apirule/v2alpha1/04-60-apirule-migration.md).

Reviewer 2: That's not 100% correct, `no_auth` can also be converted from v1beta1 to v2alpha1. But jwt handler with more than one `trusted_issuers` or `jwks_urls` can also not be converted.

The linked migration documentation doesn't help much in this context. It would be helpful to link the migration guide, but it doesn't exist, yet.

> The conversion between the `APIRule` CRD versions is not possible. It's only possible to convert `jwt` handler from `v1beta1` to `v2alpha1`, for more information see the [documentation](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/blob/main/docs/user/custom-resources/apirule/v2alpha1/04-60-apirule-migration.md).

Reviewer 2: I think we can be more specific about what went wrong.
```suggestion
The conversion from the `APIRule` version `v1beta1` to `v2alpha1` is not possible. It's only possible to convert `jwt` handler from `v1beta1` to `v2alpha1`, for more information see the [documentation](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/blob/main/docs/user/custom-resources/apirule/v2alpha1/04-60-apirule-migration.md).
```
